DOC-2099: document how to configure a custom dialog to not render its footer (#2807)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/dialog_buttons.adoc

=== Using `+buttons+` to configure a dialog without a footer

include::partial$misc/admon-requires-6.6v.adoc[]

In addition to its usual functions, the `+buttons+` property can also be used to stop the footer section from displaying.

> To configure a custom dialog so it does not render a footer section when displayed, set the `buttons` property to an empty array, `[]`, or to `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a custom dialog so it does not render a footer section when displayed, set the `buttons` property to an empty array, `[]`, or omit it entirely.
```
